Repeating the category errors of some business as 
usual language, such as saying human resources or  
incentivizing corporations just propagates 
this category error in our thinking. So it's  
like trying to chart out a map, but with like 
very tilted lens, you can't perceive the world,  
right? When we see the internet of things, 
let's make it an internet of beings.
When we see virtual reality, 
let's make it a shared reality.  
When we see machine learning, let's 
make it collaborative learning. When  
we see user experience, let's 
make it about human experience.
Today I am joined by the Taiwanese 
Digital Ambassador at large Audrey  
Tang to discuss their work championing the 
integration of technology and transparency  
into government functions with the gold 
to further empower the voice of people in  
policy decisions. Audrey Tang was the first 
digital minister of Taiwan from 2016 to 2024,  
where they were dedicated to promoting a 
radical level of government transparency with  
aims to make all government information, data, and 
resources as accessible to the public as possible.
Today, we discuss a few of their past. Successful 
projects as well as the philosophy of plurality,  
which guides all of their work in a 
global environment where the topics  
of tech and artificial intelligence 
can feel esoteric and out of reach for  
ordinary people. The projects that Audrey 
has introduced in Taiwan and beyond have  
resulted in real humans communicating 
and enacting effective policy changes.
Personally, I was naive on this topic and 
I was blown away by what Audrey and their  
team were able to accomplish, and I wonder what 
the world might look like if more communities,  
more countries, the whole world 
followed this lead. In my opinion,  
this episode highlights the more hopeful 
side of the great simplification where  
technology could be used towards more pro-social 
community, ecologically aware, oriented goals.
Additionally. If you are enjoying this 
podcast, I invite you to subscribe to our  
substack newsletter where you can read 
more of the system science underpinning  
