the human predicament, and where my team 
and I post special announcements and new  
written Franks and other such snippets 
related to the great simplification.
You can find the link to subscribe in the 
show description. With that, I am pleased  
to welcome Audrey Tang. Audrey Tang, welcome to 
the program. Hello. Good time everyone. So glad  
to be here. So you, um, already have quite an 
amazing resume with lots of successful movements  
and governance initiatives in your country of 
Taiwan, especially over the last 10 to 15 years.
You became the first Minister of Digital Affairs 
in Taiwan from 2016 to 2024, and now you are  
Taiwan's Cyber Ambassador at large. Mm-hmm. Um, 
but from what I understand, you'd been studying  
and working in coding and digital innovation 
for quite a long time before that. But much  
of your journey into Taiwanese politics began 
what was called, um, the Sunflower Movement.
Maybe we could start there. Can you tell us a bit 
about what that movement was? What was your role  
and experience within it and how it affected 
your current, uh, worldview and, and work?
So back in 2014, the Taiwanese societies deeply 
polarized. The president at the time was enjoying,  
uh, 9% of approval, which means that 
in the country of 24 million anything,  
the president ma says 20 million people 
are, you know, not so happy with it.
And so at the time, the parliament was 
trying to rush through a trade deal with  
Beijing and using this. Basically, oh, 
it's inevitable. Uh, the GDP will grow,  
uh, we'll enter an acceleration 
phase. Uh, if we don't sign it,  
other people will sign and then we will lose 
out, and so on. So forth. Uh, this kind of logic.
But then there's, uh, people who deeply, uh, 
think about the repercussions that it has,  
not just on our system of telecommunications. For 
example, Huawei and ZTE will be able to enter and  
monitor, um, our communications, but also the, 
uh, impact on environment, our labor on many  
other things. And so, um, in March at a time, 
uh, people took matters with their own hands.
So we peacefully occupied the Parliament for three 
weeks. Now a crucial difference is that we're not,  
uh, protesters who only demand something 
like against something we're demonstrators  
