that showed a alternative. And 
so we developed a lot of tools,  
like of the half a million people 
on the street and many more online.
You can show up to a citizen assembly like 
conversation. You can enter your company number,  
uh, and then you can very quickly see how 
exactly does the trade deal affect you. And  
then you can have a conversation with a dozen 
other people who are also interested in this  
matter, to think about ways, uh, to basically 
regulate, uh, future trade deals of this kind.
And so every day we read out, uh, 
like a plenary what was agreed, uh,  
that day. And then every day we push it. Uh, a 
little bit more on the low hanging fruits. Uh,  
that's, uh, basically under debate. And so after 
three weeks, we managed to agree on a set of very  
coherent demands and the Speaker of the Parliament 
basically say, okay, we'll adopt it, go home.
And so it's a very rare occupy that really 
converged instead of diverged. And so at the  
end of that year, I was tapped as a reverse 
mentor, as a young advisor to the cabinets,  
basically for each and every incoming 
polarized, uh, topic. Instead of fighting  
out on social media, which isolates people 
into this anti-social corners, we want to  
make something like the occupied parliament 
space that we did build that year without.
Literally occupying the Parliament. And 
so I basically built many digital public  
squares to tackle things all the way from 
Uber in 2015 to counter pandemic in 2020,  
all the way to generative AI and so on 
in 2023 and 24. And so by 2020 already,  
the approval rate is back to more than 70% because 
we systemically discovered the uncommon grounds  
that can pull people together despite their very 
polarized ideologies or political affiliations.
Um, I have so many questions, Audrey, so, 
mm-hmm. Uh, I'm, I'm glad you're here today.  
Let me set the context a little. We, uh, in 
the world today realize the algorithms and  
social media and the polarization and the 
echo chambers, and the inability to really  
have civic discourse about the things that 
matter, and we don't even know what's true.
Uh, I am not an expert on that other than I. 
I am an expert in knowing how it important it,  
