it is to solve these issues 
if we're going to have, uh,  
any hope of solving the larger issues 
that I discuss on this platform. So you  
just mentioned that instead of protest, 
you wanted to have alternatives. Mm-hmm.
And, um, I'd like you to unpack that 
a little bit because so much of our,  
uh, postmodern, uh, critique of the world is 
just pointing out what's wrong and what's bad,  
and it's just like an anger sort of thing instead 
of actually proactive. So can you mm-hmm. Describe  
why, why that's so important, uh, and, and 
your experience with offering alternatives.
Yeah, definitely. So I'll use one recent 
example a year ago, um, about, uh, March,  
uh, 2024. We saw a problem online, uh, 
with a lot of deep fake advertisements,  
uh, running fraudulent, uh, 
ads that pertains to, you know,  
sell crypto or sell stocks or so on. In Taiwan 
is always from Jensen, Juan, uh, you know,  
the Nvidia guy, uh, the richest Taiwanese, uh, 
and sometime also from other entrepreneurs.
And then, uh, if you click on Jenssen's, 
uh, likeness, um, he actually talks to you,  
not just chat, but also, you know, voice 
and the whole deal. Uh, and that's because  
the generative AI has grown to such a 
point where it can run such persuasion,  
um, what we call info attacks, uh, with no 
human supervision. And so, uh, to solve that.
We sent SMS text messages to 200,000 random 
numbers in Taiwan from 1 1 1. That's the  
trusted number. People know it come from the 
government asking just one simple question,  
how do you feel about the 
information integrity online,  
what to do about it? And so people gave 
us, uh, their ideas and then. A thousand,  
2000 or so, uh, people, uh, volunteered, 
uh, to basically have online conversation.
And now at the end, we did not engage 
all the thousands of people. Uh,  
we chose 450 people that is a statistical 
representative of the Taiwanese population  
in terms of place they live, age, 
bracket, gender, so on and so forth.  
And so this microcosm, this mini public, 
um, deliberated online for almost a day.
