And the way it works is that people enter, 
and it's like a Zoom call with nine other  
people. So 10 people each in each room and the 45 
rooms deliberated about the potential responses  
to this incoming issue of the fake fraud. So 
maybe one room would say. Okay. Uh, if Jensen  
did not sign off on that advertisement, 
it should actually be assumed as skim.
We shouldn't assume human unless proven 
otherwise. We should assume skim unless,  
uh, proven by the human. Another roommate say, 
uh, if Facebook doesn't secure the signature  
and somebody gets skimmed outta $5 million, 
then Facebook should be liable for that $5  
million because otherwise they would just pay 
the fine, which is, um, you know, negligible.
Uh, and another room says if Facebook also, 
you know, doesn't even agree on this framework,  
we should slow down. Connection to the Facebook 
servers so that the business goes to Google,  
uh, and so on and so forth. And so all these 
ideas are facilitated not by human, but by the  
room itself as a AI facilitator that encourages 
the quiet people to speak up and make real time  
transcripts and identify what we call sensemaking, 
uh, the uncommon ground between those rim.
And then we read it back to everyone and people 
agreed more than 85% regardless of their party  
affiliation on the package of measures. 
And then we check with the stakeholders,  
the big tech in April, and they really cannot 
lobby against it because there's no fraud,  
uh, party. And we can show 
that everybody agree on that.
And then finally, in May, we push 
out the draft. And it's one of the  
very rare legislation in Taiwan where all the 
three parties now of which have a majority,  
um. Just fast track through. And so 
now this year, if you open Facebook  
or YouTube in Taiwan, you just don't see 
any fraudulent advertisements anymore.
That's a solved problem. And that is because we 
can show that that was the sense-making result  
from this broad listening exercise. So this 
was an anecdote, but you can get the intuition.
That is pretty amazing. I 
actually didn't know that,  
but let me ask you some questions 
about that. So you said, uh,  
