you started with 200,000, you got it down to 
several thousand, and then you chose mm-hmm.
450 mm-hmm. Based on demographics and then they 
were in 45 rooms of 10. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And,  
and so there would be, because that itself 
kind of reflects Dunbar's number of sorts  
that you have to bring it down mm-hmm. To a 
manageable Yes. Human interaction level and  
then scale a little upwards. So did each room 
of 10 come up with its own kind of verdict?
Yes. And then Exactly. And then you compiled 
those 45 verdicts in a, in sort of a, a way
that is exactly the case. And so 
the, uh, of the 45, uh, 30 rooms,  
uh, were from lay people and 15 
rooms were from practitioners,  
like people who are actually media people or 
social media, uh, professionals. And we made sure.
That these, uh, cross, um, pollination, uh, works 
in the plenary. So, uh, people had one segment of  
conversation and during the plenary we weave 
together those questions and suggestions and  
so on. We read them back, uh, with interpretation 
by experts, and then we enter the second segment,  
uh, which then, uh, basically ratify uh, 
on this, um, plenary, uh, conclusions.
The good thing about AI is that 
previously you will need a lot  
of people to like read individually those comments  
in order to make sense. But now AI 
can do that without hallucinating,  
so you can get a pretty grounded report 
based on those 45 rims, individual verdicts.
So what about someone that 
wasn't part of the 200,000?
Um, you said there's 20 some million people 
in Taiwan and they see the results of this,  
wouldn't they? Their initial reaction be, oh, this 
was just some AI scam that put this together. Why,  
why should I believe what, what 
ended up being in in legislation?
Yeah. Uh, part of the reason why is 
that we've been doing this for 10 years,  
and so starting from 2015, uh, during the 
Uber consultation where again, we just ask  
people how do you feel about someone with no 
professional driver license, driving to work,  
meeting a stranger on an app and charging them 
for it, um, people already had like more than  
100 of those online either petition or the online 
