sortition, uh, or this kind of, uh, conversations.
So people can refer to the prior experiences and 
they know they can kind of force a response, uh,  
just by going to the national participation 
platform and to get 5,000 other people to,  
uh, basically produce a counter signature, 
uh, so that for any regulation or for any  
policy. If they're not happy about 
the draft that we come up with, uh,  
if they get 5,000 people, they can 
force another round of this exchange.
How scalable is this? Can't this be applied 
to almost any issue in, in the world and,  
and technically, um, maybe not politically, 
but technically in any country in the world.
Yeah, I think the trigger point, uh, really 
is that you need a topic that is urgent enough  
and politically is not the sole 
purview of an existing department.
Mm-hmm. So if it is already a single department,  
then they tend to feel that they've already got 
a solution figured out. They do not actually  
need the collective intelligence. And if 
it's not urgent, then it does not warrant  
this kind of instant sense making technologies 
you can afford to do that over years and so on.
So just a couple weeks ago in California, 
uh, we launched, uh, engaged California and  
the first topic to be discussed, uh, is how 
to recover from the wildfire for Eaton and  
poly Sade. And that is the kind of topic that 
has this urgency for clarity and is far from a  
single department's purview. And so I do think 
that for this kind of topics like Calfornia is.
40 million people. It's not 
a scale thing. It is the, uh,  
will of the people and the 
actual urgency for clarity,  
these two, um, merging together that creates 
opportunity to launch this sort of platform.
So there's the technology 
itself, like what it does,  
but then kind of separate from that is 
the people's trust in the technology.
Mm-hmm. And you said since you did it for 
10 years in Taiwan, there was like a social  
approval mm-hmm. Because people were used to 
it. What's the threshold beyond which people  
believe this? Like, could this happen in the 
United States, um, now on some issue that isn't  
