existential, but, but is interesting to 
people and, and relevant to their lives?
Yeah, I think it's also now, uh, ongoing 
in Bowling Green, Kentucky, uh, for the,  
uh, better bowling green, uh, consultation. 
Uh, and so it's not like urgency, urgency,  
but uh, obviously people do feel 
that there is some value, uh,  
in closing the loop of the conversations in the 
neighborhood, the mayor paying attention to it,  
and then using AI to figure out what's the 
uncommon grounds, um, despite the differences  
that people have in the society and how those 
measures, uh, can really improve people's lives.
And closing the loop and telling the people 
who initially propose those ideas is because  
these words you wrote, and of course the other 
3000, uh, people that this measure was taken,
was there any evidence that 
within the 45 groups of 10 people,  
each or any other recent example 
that the 10 people themselves.
In the, the process of discussion and debate 
that was facilitated, facilitated by AI that  
they learned and changed their mind, or they, 
they altered their position on the issue? Yes,
definitely. Uh, if you look for the, uh, 
deliberative Democracy lab in Stanford,  
uh, which we partner with, uh, for 
both Engaged California and for this  
information integrity consultation, 
uh, they have a lot of research.
And the most, uh, important takeaway for 
me is that this inoculation works in the  
long term. So not just p do people, uh, 
entertain. The other side's, uh, visions,  
uh, in a kind of surprising validator kind 
of way. So, I, I may not like your politics,  
but your suggestion makes sense to me. 
This actually influenced their decisions  
even like a year after such exposure to a 
citizen assembly, so that when they vote,  
uh, they tend to look at the actual 
measures, uh, the actual issues at hunt.
Uh, instead of just jumping 
into partisan politics.
And the people, the 10 people in each group,  
did they know that the facilitator 
was an AI and not a real human?
Yeah, because it's not an avatar 
