or anything. You just see, uh,  
that the transcript, uh, appears, uh, as you 
speak. You just see a kind of little poke,  
uh, when you've been too quiet, uh, and so on.
So it's not like a AI pretending to 
be a human facilitator. It's more  
like this room itself has a facilitating function.
So, so in addition to facilitating, uh, 
different, uh, priors and, um, ideologies,  
it also, um. Equalizes in a, in a different way. 
Because if you get 10 humans together, uh, various  
power laws ensue and one or two or three of the 
people are gonna do 80 to 90% of the talking.
Mm-hmm. But this actually upregulates the 
quiet and downregulates the, the chatty.
Yes, that is correct. And the reason why is 
that we do want the voices, um, that, uh,  
reach this uncommon ground, uh, to have some way 
of, um. Amplifying their reach. This is in stark  
contrast with the antisocial corner of social 
media where the only most polarized, most extreme,  
the dunking, uh, that gets amplification 
because that's a broadcasting network.
It's not a conversation network. And so in 
weaving together a conversation network,  
we want to upregulate the kind of voice that 
resonates with the entire room. And to do that,  
you probably have to make sure that people, 
uh, take turns, uh, listen as well as speak.
It's really quite impressive, 
and I am not such a fan of ai,  
uh, to be blunt, but this, this is 
one of the good, good sides of ai.
Yes.
I think that's because it's using 
AI as assistive intelligence. So  
just as the assistive technology 
you are wearing the eyeglass, uh,  
it's not replacing a human in the human to human 
relationship. Rather, it is enhancing the human  
to human relationship. And this assistive 
use of AI also respects the dignity of the.
People, uh, in a conversation so 
that they feel they can steer, uh,  
this conversation, not your eye glass 
steering, uh, the conversation. And so  
I think when we talk about ai, we often 
think in a kind of automating fashion,  
like replacing a human in a human to human 
relationship or reducing humans to machines.
