But assistive kind of intelligence doesn't do 
that, is task only and is not trying to be this  
general, super intelligent that dictates the 
human's logic. And so it's not about aligning,  
uh, humanity to. The digital AI logic, 
it's about the individual digital tools  
like eyeglasses that can align 
to the human to human logic.
This is very impressive, Audrey, and I 
know it's, uh, it's approaching midnight  
in Taiwan. Mm-hmm. And, and your clarity, 
uh, on this is, is very, um, helpful. Uh,  
let me, let me take a step back in, in 
your history. Mm-hmm. Eventually, your,  
your work with the Sunflower Movement turned 
into some other projects, uh, gov Zero and Paul.
Mm-hmm. Um, can you give a brief account of what 
those two projects were and, and specifically how  
they relate to a concept that you describe 
as demonstrating rather than protesting.
Definitely. So G zero V tw, 
that's the domain name, uh,  
was registered before Sunflower in 
in 2012, um, by some of my friends.
Uh, I joined almost full-time, uh, in 2013. 
And the way we work is we look at all the  
government services, like something 
the Go v tw, and if we don't like it,  
whether it's budget or something, 
instead of, uh, just, you know,  
protesting that it's bad, we actually make a 
better version as something that G zero V tw.
So I talk about the National 
Participation Platform, join the gov tw,  
and if you don't like that, you 
can change your O to A zero and go  
to join the G zero V tw, uh, which is the 
gov zero version. But because gov zero is  
always. Free software, uh, and open culture, 
meaning that our products, uh, are Forex.
That's to say alternate versions of the government 
versions. But we also relinquish sufficient amount  
of copyright so that if a government wants to, 
they can always merge it back into government  
service. So quite, uh, famously, uh, 
during the pandemic, um, the gov zero  
people developed a alternate way to do contact 
tracing that does not compromise privacy at all.
So instead of government version, 
the government simply say, okay,  
