let's use the gov zero version. And 
that resulted in Taiwan, you know,  
not locking down any cities, uh, during 
the three years and actually held for,  
until Omicron, uh, which is no mean feat. And 
TSMC just keeps running. Um, anyway, I digress.  
And so the gov zero, uh, try many different 
things, but including Polis and Polis was.
Before generative ai, before language models 
for sensemaking, um, you can think of it as a,  
um, visualization of where people stand 
on a issue. So for Uber, for example,  
we ask people to chime in and they go online 
and they see a fellow citizens, uh, feeling. For  
example, somebody may feel that, uh, undercutting 
existing meters is very bad, but search pricing.
During, uh, high demand. That's very good. 
Uh, so somebody may, may have this statement,  
you can agree, you can disagree or 
you can pass, but there is no ance,  
so no room for truth to grow. And so it 
is in a synchronous way, simulating a  
little bit of the 10 people room dynamics by 
highlighting what's the most resonating idea.
And so you see your avatar being sorted to 
one room and this room, uh, have these kind  
of agreements, but you also see across all the 
different cluster, different rooms, what are the  
ideas that are currently gaining grounds that 
everybody, regardless of where they're coming  
from. Do agree. And so after three weeks in 2015, 
we agree on the set, a very coherent idea about  
Uber, which we then pass into law so that, uh, 
the local co-ops and so on can also operate.
And Uber is a legal taxi fleet, uh, 
in Taiwan for quite some years now.  
So the idea is to use asynchronous, 
uh, contribution, uh, and discovery  
of the uncommon ground so that even if we 
don't have, uh, the language models, uh,  
to weave things together, people can still kind 
of see the community notes that flows to the top.
And the same algorithm has been 
adopted by YouTube, by meta,  
and by X as the community knows algorithm.
Wow. So, um. Embedded in there, uh, is your 
emphasis on data about feelings, specifically the  
feelings of the citizens living under these laws 
and, and regulations that a government enacts?  
Mm-hmm. Why is that so important to incorporate, 
