feels more, uh, positive, some and, and caring, 
and, and did they notice that? Yeah, definitely.
Um, so, uh, we can, uh, look 
at very objective numbers,  
uh, especially the very young people in 2019.
We changed our curriculum. So instead of, 
uh, the standardized answers, you know,  
that the East Asians are very famous 
about, uh, we switched. To prioritize,  
uh, the civic competencies, uh, namely, uh, 
autonomy, that's curiosity, interaction with  
people who are unlike you, and also the common 
ground, uh, the ability to construct common good.
And so the idea here. Is that if we do not have 
this shared, uncommon ground in for young people,  
young people will feel they're very 
detached from politics. They're just 14,  
15. They have no way to contribute to 
agenda setting, even though they do know,  
uh, what is actually better, 
uh, for the planet and people.
But by making sure that the young people 
have agenda setting power, uh, in setting,  
for example, e petitions or even becoming, as 
I mentioned, cabinet level advisors and so on,  
the Taiwanese 15 year olds, according to ICCS in 
2022 are now. Populative world when it comes to  
the agency. They feel that they can affect 
the society for people and planet issues,  
and they still, uh, maintain the number 
three to number five, uh, PS a score.
So people are also happy that their stem isn't 
actually degrading. It's not the trade off, uh,  
but I think the young people's empowerment as 
well as the depolarizing effect across, um,  
religious, uh, urban, rural, uh, 
age brackets, uh, and these, uh,  
Taiwan is also the least polarized among 
OECD equivalents A couple years ago.
That's amazing and important, uh, 
because there's two issues. One is  
using this technology to actually change policy 
and regulations and, and things. But the other is,  
irrespective of that, this technology, um, 
uh, suppresses apathy and provides agency,  
which is essential in our current world 
because there's more and more people  
with, um, mental illness and, and just 
checking out because it's so much,  
because they don't feel they have agency 
