against all the things that are going on.
So this technology could be really 
important just as a, a vector to,  
um, to increase the feeling of agency. Yes. Yes.
And it also has what we call a pre 
bunking effect because if there's  
already a polarized fight between the two 
memes, uh, then trying to arbitrate it, um,  
like especially from the government, uh, 
tend to just, uh, kindle the fire even  
more and people become even more polarized, 
uh, and fuel conspiracy theories and so on.
Uh, but this kind of technology 
allows us to discover, uh,  
the uncommon ground and share it as 
pre bunking. So one very early, um,  
example, pre is pre bunking. Yes. So it's not 
debunking Oh, oh, it's not debunking. It's pre  
bunking. Yes. Debunking is After something goes 
viral, you say, oh, that's not quite the case.
Uh, pre bunking is that before something 
goes viral, you already say, by the way,  
this is actually like this. Right? So, so it's, 
uh. Many people feel that if they pre bunk each  
other, they are less likely to be polarized. 
And there's many ways to pre bunk and humor  
is one large part of it. So in early 2020, uh, 
when people are not sure what the coronavirus  
interaction with Musk are in Taiwan, we already 
observe as in other places, like one side says,  
because we had a SARS experience a 
few years ago, people feel only N95.
The highest gray mask are useful 
and every other mask are actually,  
you know, a, a scam or something. Uh, and 
the other side says it's ventilation is  
aerosol. So wearing a mask hurts you 
and wearing N95 hurts you the most,  
right? So, uh, if we just let these two 
polarized memes, uh, grow, then they  
tend to fight each other and people will, um, 
basically polarized into mask anti-US camps.
Uh, but the science, uh, was still not 
very clear then. So we basically. Pushed  
out the meme of a uncommon ground, uh, very 
quickly, and it's a Shiba inu, a very cute dog,  
putting her pole to her mouth, saying, wear a 
mask to remind each other to keep your dirty  
and wash hand from your face. So, so that's a 
uncommon ground no matter which part you are.
