You probably agree that hand washing is 
good. Uh, we actually measure tap water  
usage. It actually increased, uh, and because 
the dog is just so cute, if you laugh at it,  
the next time you see somebody wearing a mask or 
not wearing a mask, you would just think about,  
uh, you know, hand washing, uh, 
which is like not polarizing at all.
Uh, everybody washes their hands. So just like, 
there's no pro fraud camp in Taiwan. There's no,  
you know, anti hand washing camp in Taiwan. And 
so it just diffused the polarization into just,  
you know, hand washing. There's also songs about 
it and the cute dog dancing and things like that.
So, um. Yeah, this is like literally, I'm.
Soaking this all up because I think it's, 
it's so important and I take our current  
social media landscape as a, as a given, 
and I, I've stopped using Facebook and, uh,  
I do use the other things to post the content 
of, of this website, but I'm become really  
disenchanted with social media and this, this is 
exciting to learn that these things are possible.
LL let me continue. Ultimately, I 
believe you've rooted your work, uh,  
in the idea of plurality. Mm-hmm. Uh, which I 
think is the name of the book you co-authored  
with Glen Weil. Mm-hmm. Can you describe 
what is at the core of, of pl plurality?
Yeah, certainly. So, um, singularity. Means,  
uh, an AI that can improve itself, uh, 
increasingly without human uh, control.
And at some point the AI can automate everything 
there is to automate about AI research. And then  
either, I guess, grow a self preservation instinct 
and refuse to develop the next generation of AI  
and kind of see us as competing carbon-based 
species, or, uh, they don't get that. Uh,  
and just recursively self-improve and serve 
not themselves, but maybe, you know, a CEO.
And then the CEO becomes. Transhuman, uh,  
and then become a very different species than 
the rest of us, right? So that's singularity.
Thank you for that. I've, 
I've heard that word a lot,  
and that was the best description, 
uh, as horrifying as it is. Um, but
thank you, you for
that.
Please continue. Uh, it is, uh, kind of 
