losing the race, um, of humanity, right?
Yeah. It's not a race of, um, ascension, uh, 
as sometimes portrayed, but for the rest of us,  
it's just the humanity race loses. And so 
plurality says, um, instead of making an AI  
that's even more powerful by the day 
recursively, we should, uh, actually  
enhance the way that people can work across 
differences. So design each piece of technology.
It could be ai, it could be immersive 
reality, many technologies, um, with this  
eye on fostering. The differences, but seeing the 
conflict that ensues not as fire to be put out,  
but as energy can be harnessed, uh, 
for co-creation. And so any sort of  
technology that enhances this collaboration across 
differences, uh, is in the direction of plurality.
So instead of a vertical race, uh, 
of takeoff, uh, escape velocity,  
you see a lot of space based, uh, metaphors. 
Uh, the plurality is entirely horizontal. It is,  
uh, a lateral diffusion of technical 
capabilities. And each capability is  
steerable by the community that's deploying 
it. And so the more we invest in plurality,  
the better we're prepared, uh, 
to face all the emerging harms.
That's. Being caused by advanced AI and so 
on. And the hope is that at some point people  
will just discover that this is a better, 
a more worthwhile direction. Maybe it's not  
worthwhile at all to replace our, uh, human 
race, uh, with some other, uh, silicon based,  
uh, stuff. Un unless you're the CEO. Yes. Uh, and 
as we have seen, uh, when people said to the CEOs  
of big tech, uh, from Taiwan that you need to 
be liable for whichever scams advertisement  
that you put on because you've been earning, 
uh, advertisement dollars from those scammers.
Uh, and the entire society is paying the 
consequences, the cost of such negative  
pollution, externalities. This is the 
kind of plurality technology that quickly  
lets the decision makers reign in the 
CEOs. And so I do believe that this  
steerability comes from the button up, 
but it also does need, uh, endorsements,  
uh, from the regulators, uh, to say 
basically, okay, it's not my idea.
It's like a trade, uh, negotiation. 
