It is the people's idea.
So is that kind of, uh, a plurality is kind of 
like a decentralized singularity. Well, it's
a acceleration for decentralization, for 
democracy, and also for defense. Uh, so Vitalik  
Buting caused this d slash acc or defensive 
democratic decentralization acceleration.
So it is an kind of acceleration in that we want,  
uh, the most possible equitable way 
of diffusion. Uh, but it's accelerates  
not in the sense of self-improvement, 
like the vertical singularity one. This
could be applied in a lot of different areas. 
I'm specifically interested in how it could be  
used for the ongoing battle of what the 
future of social media could look like.
Mm-hmm. Especially with our. Aims of, 
of this podcast and your work and a lot  
of our colleagues and people in the 
world for a pro social, uh, future,  
what would be specific features of a 
social media platform rooted in the  
ideas of plurality and how would those look 
different than the platforms we have today?
I'm, I'm sure you've thought about 
this and if not, are working on it.
Yes, certainly. So, uh, I co-authored a paper 
called Pro-Social Media that talks about this.  
The idea very simply put is that in your newsfeed, 
instead of being ranked by the engagement or  
addiction that it generates, it can rank instead 
by the various communities that you belong to  
and how much coherence, how much uncommon ground 
each post can generate between those communities.
So. Each of us have very different like spiritual, 
professional, family and so on circles. And it's  
often the case that we ourselves are also figuring 
out how to take something that we feel cherished  
from one context across to another context. 
And the idea is that there are creators, uh,  
on social media that specialize in creating this 
kind of bridges so that people can understand  
the other community more and vice versa just 
by viewing and engaging with such content.
And so for each post, you can then see 
of the communities you belong to, uh,  
which communities find this to be bridging. And 
which communities find this to be debatable.  
So it's like the polish interface, but 
apply to social media. We already have  
