that in the form of community notes, 
but it is kind of a debunking thing.
Uh, you already have a trending, polarizing post, 
and then you can look at the community notes, uh,  
to have this kind of resonance and bridging. 
So the intuition is to move this into the  
main feed so that the main feed itself becomes, 
uh, pro-social. And in the paper we talk about,  
for example, I'm involved, uh, in advising 
the Project Liberty Institute, uh, who, uh,  
works out a new economic model, uh, for TikTok if 
the people's bid succeeds, uh, in buying TikTok.
Us. And so instead of the advertisers paying 
to bid for the highest bid, uh, getting the  
attention of each individual kind of strip mining 
the social fabric and making each person look  
at a wildly different feed, uh, this idea is 
recreate this common experience so that people  
can know, oh, um, your community and that 
community are enjoying this, um, together.
So a little bit like those 
10 people in the same room,  
people will be able to know that this is, uh, 
white resonance with the extended communities  
and it creates kind of a Super Bowl effect 
and things like that. And we conjecture  
that the communities as well as brands will, 
uh, pay for this kind of shared experiences.
So how prevalent are these various technologies? 
Some of the things, uh, the project you,  
you've mentioned in Taiwan. Mm-hmm. And 
is there any evidence that on some, uh,  
um, group of issues that Taiwanese population is 
less polarized than mm-hmm. Than other countries?
Definitely, as I mentioned, across urban, rural, 
across, uh, age groups, across religion and so on.
Taiwanese people are the least, uh, polarized. And 
we can also simply compare the pro-social ranking  
algorithm that's deployed in LinkedIn, uh, versus 
say in Facebook, um, LinkedIn Q rates. Uh, its,  
uh, feed in a way that is not maximizing 
the time you spend on advertisement,  
but rather on the, uh, cohesion, the 
coherence that we just talked about.
And so feed is quite different, or LinkedIn 
In Taiwan? No, no, LinkedIn globally. Uh,  
when they first introduced the newsfeed to 
LinkedIn, they were very intentional and  
then they curated this kind of common ground 
bridging, uh, posts from. Business leaders,  
