uh, from people who follow, uh, who are 
followed by a lot of people on LinkedIn.
And then they gradually, uh, open up commenting 
and things like that. But the whole idea is to  
shape a norm where, uh, engaging with the 
feed actually adds to your, uh, sense of  
social cohesion instead of, uh, distracting, 
uh, from, its like Facebook did since 2015.
So what are the barriers to this scaling, uh, 
pro-social, plurality based, um, social media?
What, why isn't this I. Taking off more, this 
feels like something that people would want, uh,  
of all political ideologies and and backgrounds.
Yeah, definitely. Um, and it is true that I've 
been talking with, uh, many different people on  
different sides of ideologies and they all feel 
that it's time to move past peak polarization.
And I do think that what we need now is, 
uh, both strategies. One is working with,  
uh, free software communities that runs those 
smaller but still very respectable sized, uh,  
networks such as Blue Sky with 30 million people 
on one side, and also choose social on the other,  
which is also free software. Uh, and, 
uh, in a way to show that we can bridge.
The contents so that people across true social 
and blue sky can find the uncommon ground,  
the, uh, surprising validators. So this 
is what we're doing. And the other is  
just to take an existing network like 
TikTok and just change its algorithm.  
And the idea of people spit is 
that TikTok needs to interoperate.
Meaning if you post on TikTok, you should 
be able to consume the same content and  
link to the same friends on Blue Sky or 
on true social or on any other places.  
And so people will then be able to 
curate their own experience instead  
of feeling locked in to the core, uh, 
recommendation algorithm of TikTok.
And so this gives us much more grounds to 
experiment with the pro-social ranking.
Just like everything else in our world though, 
isn't, um, our global economic system, uh,  
our national economic system, our corporate 
economic incentives are based on, uh, dollars and  
we get clicks for dollars. So, you know, when we 
use social media, we get some benefit and mm-hmm.
A lot of times it's dopamine based 
