instead of oxytocin based. Mm-hmm. Um,  
to, to make a generality, but it 
results in an economic, uh, uh,  
gain for some individual or corporation. 
Mm-hmm. Does, does this still, um,  
does this combat that at all? Or how, 
how does that play into this? Yeah,
the, the hope here is just as LinkedIn has 
demonstrated, there is a way to pay for.
Common experiences and oxy toin based, uh, 
feelings, uh, while still making sure that  
whatever advertisement, whatever messages, uh, 
that you pay, um, can result, uh, in like Super  
Bowl, uh, which is the kind of pinnacle of 
common experience. And then you can build  
narratives and brands and so on in a way that 
individualized dopamine hits, uh, really cannot.
Seriously. I, I think our culture has 
like a massive dopamine hangover. Um,  
they may not know that, but we're so depleted. 
Uh, it's like we've all been on this Las Vegas  
junket and have lost all our coins and our 
brains are kind of fried and we're hungry for  
serotonin and oxytocin. Other of our ancestral 
neurotransmitters that we've been craving,  
and we get that through community and 
community engagement and social interactions,  
and the fact that we can possibly 
get that from social media mm-hmm.
Is encouraging. Um. Don't you think?
Yes. Uh, and there's a famous 
study a year and a half ago,  
uh, a average undergrad in the US using 
TikTok. If you ask them to move off TikTok,  
then you will have to pay them almost $60 a month 
so they lose that much utility like fomo. Uh,  
while everybody else is still on that hamster 
wheel, but if there's a magic button you can  
press that can transplant everybody around them 
and themself into some other like non dopamine  
based, uh, platform, uh, then they're 
willing to pay you almost $30 a month.
Um, and so it's obvious we're in a product 
market trap. Mm-hmm. Everybody lose utility  
on the hamster wheel, but the 
first one to move off suffers  
so much fomo so that nobody want 
to be the first that moves off.
Hmm. That's quite profound and 
dopamine is still worth two x,  
