uh, serotonin and oxytocin in 
our current economic system.
But that might change. Yes, that 
might change. Um, so, so you are,  
uh, in your work, um, you're very specific 
in your projects and initiatives about the  
use of language and the importance of 
it. So why is language so important,  
uh, in these movements and for civic 
engagement and, and participation in general?
Yeah, I think repeating, uh, the category errors, 
uh, of some business as usual language such as,  
I dunno saying human resources, uh, or 
incentivizing corporations, uh, just.  
Propagates this category error in our thinking. 
So it's like, um, trying to chart out a map, uh,  
but with like very tilted, uh, lens, uh, 
you, you can't perceive the world, right?
Uh, if you use that sort of category error, um, 
where it's, and so in 2016, uh, when I first  
entered the cabinet as the digital minister, 
uh, I made a word play because in Taiwan,  
digital shuway also means plural. So I'm not just 
a digital minister, I'm also the minister for  
plurality. I. So even though there's no ministry 
at the time, the ministry will come in 2022.
I still wrote a job description, uh, as a shuway 
uh, minister. It goes like this very quick. When  
we see the internet of things, let's make it an 
internet of beings. When we see virtual reality,  
let's make it a shared reality. When we see 
machine learning, let's make it collaborative  
learning. When we see user experience, 
let's make it about human experience.
And whenever we hear that the singularity is near, 
let's always remember the plurality is here. Nice
work, Audrey. Thank you. Um, I do think law, um,  
um, language is so important. Like fossil 
fuels. They're not fossil fuels. Mm-hmm. Um,  
they're fossil hydrocarbons. We're just 
choosing to use them as fuels. Mm-hmm.
As, as one example, or we refer to the 
United States consumer spent more this month,  
like we're human beings who buy food and other 
things. We're not necessarily consumers, uh,  
unless the true ecological sense, but yeah. 
Language is super important. Mm-hmm. Um, mm-hmm.
Yes. Because we're marketing to each other.
Yes. Consumer of foods is like, you know, 
referring to your users and, and it sums this,  
