you know, drug subscription, uh, case, right? So 
I think when I say user experience, uh, should be,  
instead, human experience, we're pointing 
out the same thing. That is to say there's  
much more to being human than just consuming 
something or getting addicted on something.
So I've heard you, um, describe liberal democracy 
as a sort of social technology. Mm-hmm. That  
should be in constant innovation, uh, alongside 
other technologies. Mm-hmm. H how would you  
describe the current state of innovation for 
democracy itself and what is needed for it  
to keep pace mm-hmm. Uh, with other things 
in parallel that are going on in our world,  
like artificial intelligence 
and other disruptive technology?
Yeah, that's a great question. So, um, I 
analyze, uh, democracy as a communication  
technology that has, uh, bandwidth 
and latency. Bandwidth is how much,  
uh, information can each citizen communicate 
to their communities and also into decision  
making. So if you have a referendum, that's 
one bit of information. If you have a, um,  
votes on mayor, uh, with four plausible 
candidates, that's two bits of information.
The problem is that the emerging technologies, 
they change our world in a way that demands, um,  
solutions to what's called wicked problems. 
Meaning that issues that require coordinated  
action of many, many different parts of 
the society. But if each part of society.  
Can have two bits, three bits of information 
uploaded, then that's not sufficient information  
to piece together a solution, a kind of 
jigsaw puzzle, uh, to the wicked issue.
And this is one part, and another part is latency. 
If you have to wait for four years for the next,  
uh, mayor or the next referendum and so on. 
Well, um, many incoming transformative threats,  
uh, can change the society to the point of no 
return in less than four years. And so think,  
um, not just pandemic, but also the info 
dynamic, uh, the polarization issue,  
the, uh, generative ai, power 
scams, phishing, and so on.
So all of these, you, you do not wait for four 
years and start a new referendum or vote in a new  
mayor or things like that. You. Immediately 
gets people together and very quickly gets  
