much more bits than just a vote. Maybe you 
get conversations which is much more bits,  
or instead you get, uh, reflections 
on each other's posts and so on.
Like in poll, no matter which way, you need to 
close the loop very quickly so that people know  
that within weeks or at most months, your idea 
results in the steering of the, uh, direction  
of the technology and its responses. And then 
people can come around again and again to learn  
the steerability. So I'm the cyber ambassador 
and cybernetics in Greek means steering.
So this is about the art of steering.
I didn't know that. Um, so is there a risk 
that if we don't continue to innovate, uh,  
democracy as it is today mm-hmm. And all 
the liberties and freedoms that we've come  
to take for granted, uh, in our generations, that 
democracy will simply become obsolete in the face  
of accelerating AI towards the singularity 
and the changing global political landscape.
Um, how worried are you about that and 
how do those concepts, uh, interrelate?
I think, uh, there are various ways that people 
can see the incoming crisis, which is not just  
one but many. So some people say PO crisis, 
uh, but they're all isomorphic in the sense  
that if you see one crisis, you've also seen 
the shape of some of the other crisis as well.
So like a meta. Crisis. And so I 
do feel that, uh, our experience  
when it comes to whether it is occupying the 
parliament peacefully and keep it peaceful,  
or whether it is about countering the algorithmic, 
um, dispatch of Uber and of social media and,  
uh, the infoam and also the pandemic, 
uh, and generative AI harms and so on.
Each of these examples, uh, shows that 
maybe a crisis, uh, as in weight is both  
in a danger and an opportunity. And so 
the shared danger is likely to. Make sure  
that people see the societal resilience as 
not a nice to have, but rather something  
that people must contribute to. So 
the wildfire, um, recovery issue,  
uh, on engaged California is a great, uh, 
result of this infrastructure level building.
And then when such a topic comes in, then people 
can pivot and respond very quickly to it. So I'm  
not pessimistic at all. I feel that each of 
