those incoming threats actually accelerate  
the diffusion and the common knowledge 
of the people that democracy does need,  
uh, improvement as the social technology.
Audrey, why are, are concepts, uh, like 
responsibility, liability, inclusivity,  
and transparency, um, important, uh, 
for creating and maintaining an open  
democratic governance system of, of the 
type that you've been describing? I.
Yeah. Um, I learned this, uh, when I entered the 
cabinet, um, because, uh, in 2016, uh, I entered  
the cabinet with some of that doge energy, you 
know, uh, wanting to make everything transparent,  
want to make a procurement, like a leaderboard 
of people comparing, uh, and things like that.
Shortening the, uh, tax filing from three hours 
to three minutes, uh, through direct file, um,  
and so on. And so all these, like what 
we did that in like 2016 and so on,  
but we very quickly found out people in the 
career, public service, the career public  
servants. They also had the same idea, 
and they are also like great reformers.
They actually know how to do things 
better. It was just they lack a air  
cover. There's no one who say, 
uh, if you do this well then, um,  
it's you who get a credit and if you do this, uh, 
but it doesn't work and I can take the blame. Uh,  
and so I made sure that we align our, this 
energy of democratic innovation to the.
Languages and the logic, uh, that the 
career, public service, uh, especially the,  
uh, planning and research and development 
departments use. And so in Taiwan we have  
the National Development Council, and to them 
always, uh, transparency, accountability, uh,  
is I. The norm. Uh, and if we add participation 
and inclusive participation at that to it,  
they want to know that this participation 
is accountable so that we can regulate, um,  
this institution into new institutions, not just 
challenging and taking down existing institutions.
So we announced our every move, 
everything like the join platform,  
the participation office and so on. Uh, instead 
of just doing it, uh, as code, we said, okay,  
six days from now we're going to do it and 
here's a public commentary period. And we made  
