sure that there's no exceptions. Everything 
needs to be pre announced publicly this way.
And so even though that each of our move takes 
like 60 days more, I think we want much more  
support from the career public service because 
they can see that. I'm designing myself out,  
so to speak. Uh, if I'm no longer 
the minister, all those institutions,  
the new designs are still around because it 
conforms to the logic of the bureaucracy.
I imagine that there are many other countries in 
the world, some countries are very interested in  
copying your success in Taiwan. Mm-hmm. And 
others are also afraid of, of implementing  
some of these things. Mm-hmm. I mean, 
in your opinion, should countries, uh,  
be doing more to regulate social media platforms 
to be in line with these principles and, and what  
are some of the, uh, the benefits and risks to 
such government oversight and any comments there?
So for this kind of broad listening and 
sense making, I think the smaller the polity,  
the easier it is to implement. Uh, to your point 
about Dunbar's number, pretty much any polity,  
if it's just 150 people, they don't 
have to run a sortition. They just  
invite, uh, everybody right to a conversation. 
Uh, and we do see that in many countries,  
like in Japan there's a long tradition of 
citizen assemblies, but on a hyper local level,  
like literally township level, 
uh, and that, uh, has worked well.
Do we have the
technology to do that at 
a township level now? Yes,
we do. It's the same technology. It's just 
easier to implement, uh, and gets buy-in  
from a mayor of a town as opposed to say, you 
know, a federal government. Right. So it's
usually easier to start. I want you 
to finish answering this question,  
but just so I understand, I.
In the United States right now, people in 
Topeka, Kansas, or Red Wing, Minnesota mm-hmm. Or  
Sebastopol, California mm-hmm. Could access some 
existing technology right now to do Oh, yeah. Some  
of the things You're ta what, what would that 
be? Yes. What TE technology. Yeah. As, as
I mentioned, the Bowling Green, 
uh, process is ongoing, right?
