real thoughts, um, be known. So I'm wondering,  
the technology that you just described 
about the Bowling Green, could that be  
used mm-hmm. In an institution itself where 
there's 200 people and you really wanna know  
what people are thinking without fear of saying 
the wrong thing and getting demoted or anything?
Is, would this apply to those situations as well?
Yes. And, uh, there are technologies for 
the in-person, uh, kind like cortico,  
C-O-R-T-I-C-O, and develop out of MIT. This 
tool, uh, you can just put your phone or a  
round microphone on table, and then it ensures 
that the facilitator is guided by not just, uh,  
the conversation guide, the turn taking, 
you know, not letting the single senior  
person dominate conversation, but can also carry 
other conversations from previous, uh, talks, uh,  
to this particular conversation pod so that 
the conversation network can cross pollinate.
So when the most senior person speaks something,  
the facilitator can then press a key and 
then a method, uh, place from some other  
conversations that counterbalances, 
uh, the point that was just made.
Why didn't I know about this? And what is, what 
is holding this sort of technology back? Is it,  
is it awareness, uh, like in my 
case, or is it money or is it,  
um, big tech is, uh, afraid of these 
things, uh, or is it social organization?
Why aren't these things scaling more rapidly?
I think, uh, one of the main reason, uh, 
was that all these things run on oxy,  
toin and serotonin, right? And so it is a, 
it is a vibe thing. Once you're in this vibe,  
uh, then it's more likely that you 
will participate in one of those, um,  
conversations and you will discover a very 
large rise on like, conversation network.
But if you're dopamine bound, it's very difficult.
Yes. So actually we need to heal 
people's dopamine addictions, uh,  
concurrently so that they move into this more, uh, 
um, zen, uh, holistic human experience. And then  
obviously this is the type of social media that 
I would prefer rather than clicks and likes and,  
and unexpect reward of, of some goat that claps 
and falls down and a snake crawls under it.
And woo, I never saw that before. Um,  
