which doesn't really give us much meaning 
or depth or purpose to our lives Anyways.
Oh yeah, definitely. In my phone I have, uh, 
turned on the color filter. Uh, you can go  
to settings and choose color filters, so it's 
almost entirely gray scale, just with a little  
hint of color, uh, so that the phone is never 
more vivid than reality and it works wonders.
Uh, so I cannot get pulled into the do 
because, um, this, uh, Las Vegas thing,  
uh, this slot machine, uh, simply does 
not give, uh, high enough, uh, rewards,  
uh, when your phone is grayscale. Oh, 
that's a great idea. Yes. I'm gonna
do that starting today. It's called color 
filter. I'm gonna do that. Mm-hmm. So, uh,  
moving on to a more serious topic, not that the 
things we've been discussing aren't serious,  
but how might the events we're seeing 
right now, especially in the United States,  
playing out with, uh, with big tech 
and tech oligarchs, damage people's.
Inherent trust in technology that might limit,  
um, some of the opportunities you've been 
describing. Um, what do you think about that?
Yeah, so on one side, uh, we do 
see that people are collectively  
feeling it's time to move past. Peak 
polarization. On the other hand, uh,  
aside from like more people using say 
blue sky or true social or signal or  
proton or things like that, um, there's yet 
to be a very coherent movement out of the.
Big tech dominated social media landscape toward a 
more pluralistic, uh, pro-social media landscape.  
That is true. So this is partly what we are trying 
to achieve, uh, with this paper and advising the  
Project, Liberty Institute doing the TikTok 
bid. But regardless of whether the TikTok goes  
to become a prosocial space, I do think that, uh, 
there are pockets of good within those big tech.
So the Bowling Green Experiment, for example, is 
done by the Jigsaw Group within Google. So there,  
the group within Google that try to work, uh, 
in a prosocial way to counter the antisocial  
damage that the algorithm of say YouTube has 
done to the society. Uh, far as I understand,  
the Community Forum, community Notes 
team within Meta is doing a similar job.
Um, and so it's not all. Black and 
