white, so to speak. Uh, everyone, uh,  
who look at these big tech CM monolith, 
but what we're doing is that we're also  
building a network between the people who 
kind of act like conscience within those  
big tech so that we can band together 
and build a horizontal social network.
So I've heard you, uh, in a conversation with 
our mutual friend, uh, Tristan Harris mm-hmm. Who  
introduced us. I've heard you use the phrase, the 
most careful should win the prize. Mm-hmm. Yes. In  
reference to how our current systems incentivize 
people and companies with dopamine and dollars,  
et cetera. Can you unpack by what you 
mean by that statement and how is your  
work, uh, creating those, those 
mechanisms to incentivize care?
Yeah, definitely. Uh, I would say it's not 
just incentivizing care, it is also assisting  
and augmenting care because it is like very, um, 
energy and time consuming, uh, to do care work.  
And, uh, a facilitator like realistically cannot 
facilitate 450 people at once, even if they really  
care a lot. There's some wet wear limitations, 
uh, to the amount of care you can put.
As a facilitator to a conversation. And so think 
of, uh, like for like personal care. Sometime if  
you want to move, uh, people who are heavy and so 
on, you can use a exoskeleton, uh, that does not  
automate away your work, but allow you to lift, 
uh, better weights. Um, you, you can also think  
of cortico and similar conversation network 
plurality, technologies like Exo, uh, cortex,  
uh, that helps, uh, somebody who perform care 
work like facilitation to make sense of more  
people or to close the loop slightly faster, 
but it's not replacing, uh, the care workers.
Um. To replace them would be like, you know, 
sending my avatar to talk to your avatar and  
have AI summarize all the avatars and 
have avatars be the mayor. It's like,  
you know, going to the gym and seeing the robot 
lifting the weights, I'm sure very impressive,  
but it does not help our civic muscles. So at this 
care work, uh, pairs with the idea of assistive  
intelligence in that it cease the people to 
people, promises people to people attention  
as the most important, the most cherished, 
and then technology is just to foster it.
So this is very eyeopening and, and exciting  
