and, um, we've approached, um, what I call a 
species level conversation. Mm-hmm. And almost  
a rite of passage for our species at large. 
And there's lots of countries in the world.  
Do you ever think that there's something unique 
about Taiwan and the population of Taiwan, uh,  
and the culture that made it a more viable place 
for these strategies and movements to take hold?
Uh, is it, or is it, is it 
uh, applicable anywhere?
I think it's applicable anywhere. Uh, I 
think Taiwan simply has to innovate along  
these domain because all our people, 
at least people above 40 years old,  
including myself, remember the martial law 
and, uh, we've suffered, uh, the longest,  
uh, martial period, multiple 
decades, uh, in the world.
And so we know how it is like to have our 
freedom of expression of assembly and moving  
and so on taken away. And so nobody want to 
go back there. And so when we face. Such,  
um, as you put it, uh, civilization skill, 
um, threats, existential threats. We have  
no choice but to double down on freedom 
because we cannot even suffer a little bit  
of democracy and freedom backsliding the 
people simply would not put up with it.
And so, uh, whichever solution we come up with 
needs to be with the people, not just for the  
people. People do not accept this authoritarian 
for the people rhetoric in Taiwan. But that's just  
for, uh, the necessity to come up with these 
ideas, to apply these ideas. You do not need  
the same configuration as Taiwan, and you do not 
need the same, um, existential opportunity, uh,  
of like facing every day as potentially the, 
you know, last day of democracy and so on.
As we did since 1996 when we first voted 
for our presidents and our not so friendly  
neighbors started, uh, missile trails. And so, 
yes, so while it originates in Taiwan, it can  
work everywhere. It's not just, you know, Finland 
or Tokyo, California or Bowling Green or Oregon  
and so on. But it can also just be in your family, 
in your school, um, and in your local community.
So before becoming, uh, the Minister 
of Digital Affairs in Taiwan,  
you were a very engaged youth activist. 
Mm-hmm. Uh, and as I understand it,  
