you were also a reverse mentor mm-hmm. In 
the Taiwanese parliament. Yes. Which is a  
role for people under 35 to advise mm-hmm. Older 
officials. Yes. So, in your opinion, what is the  
role of young people today in governance 
and in particip participatory democracy?
Mm-hmm. And what lessons do you take 
away from being now? Uh, both sides  
of the reverse mentor mentorship, uh, in Taiwan.
I believe in intergenerational solidarity 
where the young people sets the direction  
and the senior people provide the support 
and resources on the Taiwanese participation  
platform. The most active age groups are 
the 17 years olds and the 70 years olds.
Um, both have more time on their hands, I suppose, 
uh, but also both care more about the oxy toin  
serotonin thing of sustainability rather than the 
dopamine thing of the next quarter. Right? So.  
The idea is not to arbitrarily put 
them kind of against each other,  
but rather to find the common topics where 
the younger people see a new possibility.
But the more senior people have the wisdom 
to see how that can be made possible,  
like the adjacent possible, how adjacent 
really is that possibility. And so through  
reverse mentoring and through this kind 
of intergenerational solidarity design,  
we incentivize the local social 
entrepreneurs and so on, uh, to form  
the kind of leadership team that has different 
generations, uh, in their board basically.
Uh, and so this I think is a great 
way to heal. One of the most, um,  
you know, divisive thing currently in our society,  
which is the senior people with the resources 
think that the society should go this way. And  
then the young people already with proof, 
the society cannot sustain this way.
Do you have any specific 
recommendations, Audrey, on how mm-hmm.
The listeners and viewers of this program can 
create a better relationship with technology  
as an average citizen, uh, who wants to be 
informed and engaged with their governments, uh,  
and institutions. What, what advice do you have 
on for the viewers to, to better use technology?
Uh, on a personal level 
color filter is really great.
