Uh, I've also seen people 
using, uh, like a stylus, uh,  
or a keyboard or really anything 
that is not a touch screen,  
and that also works great. So one of the two 
can probably switch you off dopamine. So it's
creating a, it's, it's 
creating a dopamine speed bump.
Of sorts. Exactly, yes. So making sure that the 
slot machine doesn't immediately respond to you,  
uh, to increase the latency, uh, and 
reduce the bandwidth, so to speak.
Uh, so yes, uh, it works, um, very reliably 
for me and hopefully for you, uh, as well,  
uh, on the community, uh, level. Uh, one can in. 
Encourage each other to try like more in-person  
gatherings or synchronous online gatherings and 
learn about active listening and facilitation. So  
the facilitation school that I use, uh, is dynamic 
facilitation and focus conversation method.
But you don't need to, uh, go into any particular 
school, even in a meeting if you say, okay,  
now let's speak clockwise and now 
let's speak counterclockwise. That  
can already break this defer to the 
most senior highest status person. Uh,  
so that's the easiest facilitation method, 
uh, that can be transmitted on a live show.
Uh, but there's a lot of facilitation 
methods and so learn about it and also  
get into the community of, uh, open space 
technology and other ways to scale this, uh,  
conversations and facilitation upward so that you 
can scale not just horizontally, but also deeply.
So you said there's a lots of different methods.
Um, where would someone go 
to learn about those methods?
Yeah, you can, uh, search, uh, 
for facilitation techniques, uh,  
or group facilitation, and you will see pretty 
much everything there is. Uh, or you can also,  
uh, reach out to your local facilitation groups 
and enter some facilitated conversations selves.
So, uh, this, this has been just 
an amazing discussion because I,  
I realized the importance of this 
topic, and I'm not even a novice in it.
So I've learned, uh, quite a bit. Um, if 
you could take your, um, open society, uh,  
software, um, plurality hat off, and 
