just as a citizen of the world today,  
facing the poly crisis, um, and what 
I refer to as the human predicament,  
what sort of advice do you have for, 
for people being alive at this time?  
Being aware of the issues that we face and, and 
the challenges just as a, as a human to human.
Yeah, I think, um, a shared sense of 
urgency, whether it's ecological or social,  
and. Whichever in between, uh, I think 
that helps people to build solidarity,  
to build this kind of care. Uh, that 
makes it far easier for us to say,  
yeah, this is too much for just a single 
person. I need your help, and vice versa.
And then if we can keep asking each 
other, okay, so what's your feeling,  
um, right now, uh, around these issues? And 
if we can help each other by facilitating  
conversations and uncovering uncommon 
ground so that like active listening,  
you can, uh, entertain listening to 
people who are very much unlike you.
Maybe coming from very different 
background, very different ideology,  
but if you can just listen for five minutes 
without interrupting them. Even in your head,  
uh, and then repeat back what you have, 
um, heard with clarifying questions, uh,  
also with curiosity and the other person take 
turns and so on. Such simple practices of  
literally facilitation with just two people 
can really get us out of this domine loop.
And the topics to explore together 
again, is this shared urgency,  
this crisis feeling that I'm sure that all of 
us have, um, at least some time during the day.
With the possible exception of 
maybe Daniel Schmucker. I don't  
know if I've ever listened to someone for 
five minutes without interrupting them.
Um, so I, I, I think it's good advice. What about 
young people? I, I know you care deeply about  
young humans, uh, because you were quite active 
mm-hmm. Uh, in your younger years. What, what  
specific recommendations do you have for young 
humans, uh, in my country, in your country, around  
the world listening to this, who become aware of 
our economic, uh, social ecological, uh, problems?
Yeah. Um, so certainly get organized. 
