Uh, and the young people of today knows  
a lot about horizontal organization 
of discovering a shared purpose and  
how those shared purpose can bring people 
together. And so if you are organized. Then  
just as the Taiwanese 15 year olds, 
you feel you are already a adult.
You feel that you can already contribute 
meaningfully to the agenda setting of the society.  
The Taiwanese people, even before they turned 
18, started some of the most, uh, impactful,  
uh, petitions. Uh, not just changing, you know, 
the, uh, recycling or plastic straw policy or  
things like that on the ecological sense, but 
also changed, uh, like their school schedule.
So they go to school one hour later, uh, because 
they prove that one more hour sleep is better  
for grace than one more hour of the study. And 
the Ministry of Education just accepted that,  
uh, or, uh, even funding, uh, one of 
the kind, uh, menstruation museum,  
uh, in Taiwan and just slashed that 
taboo from all the society in just.
Two or three years and so on and so forth. 
So any of these contributions, um, made,  
uh, cabinet level advisor, reverse mentor, 
uh, status, uh, but even without a status,  
just organizing yourselves enable you to 
have this kind of, uh, conversations that  
are societal scale. And again, organization 
starts by listening, uh, towards shared purpose.
And I recommend, um, people power, uh, from 
Marshall Guns, uh, on how to get organized.
So I have a couple, uh, closing questions 
that I ask, uh, all my guests. I hope you  
don't mind it. I know it's approaching, uh, 
midnight mm-hmm. Uh, in where you are. Um,  
what do you care most about in the world, Audrey? 
I care the most about our ability to care.
Thank you. Um. If you could wave a magic wand,  
what is one thing you would do to 
improve human and planetary futures? I
would make sure that, uh, anytime people speak 
of utilitarian, uh, logic, uh, they automatically  
have some care or virtue or, uh, spiritual, really 
whichever edition, uh, Intuit. So, uh, a little  
bit of infusion or inception, uh, of a different 
ethics into the current utilitarian logic.
And that, uh, as we have been 
observing is what we've been doing,  
