uh, for the past hour and a half.
Jao? Yes. Um. So what are you working 
on now and what are you most, uh,  
enthusiastic about? Mm-hmm. 
That, that you can share?
Yeah, so, um, I'm going to South by 
Southwest, uh, in a couple days from  
now. And, uh, my short biopic, uh, good enough 
ancestor, uh, will be premiered, uh, online.
Good enough,
ancestor. I love that.
Yes. Uh, and, um, so potentially also working 
on the film links, uh, adaptation. Uh, but yeah,  
I encourage you to check out good enough 
ancestor, uh, go how, as we say in Mandarin,  
because if we were perfect, we actually robbed 
the future, uh, from the creativity and the  
canvas. But if we're just good enough, then 
we can make peace with future generations.
I love it. I love it. If you were to come 
back on this show sometime in the future,  
6, 9, 12 months from now, what is one topic, 
um, that is relevant to our future that you  
are personally passionate about that you 
would like to take a deep dive on? So
we talked about, uh, this idea of a vertical 
takeoff singularity when it comes to ai,  
and we also talk about this horizontal care 
based diffusion of capabilities of plurality.
So a deep dive of how these two directions 
work with each other, against each other. Uh,  
the dynamic between those two approaches, 
I think we can do a deep dive on it.
Awesome. Um, this has been great. Audrey, do you 
have any closing words, uh, for our viewers today?
Yeah, definitely. So I often quote, uh, from 
my favorite, uh, singer songwriter Lena Cohen,  
on the importance of being just 
good enough but not perfect.
Because if you're perfect, there's no way 
to say I need help, and no way for others  
to express care. So to quote Lena Cohen, um, 
my favorite stanza from Anthem goes like this,  
ring the bells that still can ring. Forget 
your perfect offering. There's a crack,  
a crack in everything, and 
that's how the light gets in.
Thank you for your time today and for your 
very important work and, uh, to be continued,  
my friend. Thank you. Take care. Take good care. 
